typo fixes and minor wording changes for clarity (#21)
HL7/smart-web-messaging: fsh/ig-data/input/pagecontent/index.md

A [`window.postMessage`]-based messaging approach allows flexible,
standards-based integration that works across windows, frames and domains, and

> should be readily supportable in browser controls for any HTML5-capable browser-based EHR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should be readily supportable in browser controls for any EHR capable of embedding HTML5 content.
```
